# Updates to the Plan

## Important new update

We need to create two new utils so that we can cover the handler ref logic
outside of the components. I've already written the first one in
updateContentField. It needs to be tested, and another one matching that pattern
needs to be created called autosavePost.

```bash
 features/posts/components/editPostForm              |    91.3 |    58.33 |     100 |     100 |                   
  editPostForm.tsx                                   |    91.3 |    58.33 |     100 |     100 | 21-26,38-82  
```

Before doing anything, we need to add test coverage for features/posts/components/editPostStatus/editPostStatus.tsx.

I've updated the [GH issue](https://github.com/greenymcgee/portfolio/issues/170)
with some updates, and left some boxes uncheckd. We're going to commit the work
now to prepare for review. There's a few new concerns:

1. The /posts/[id] page is not updating after autosaves. This needs to be solved in a new issue.
2. There's a new todo in the todos.md file that needs to be resolved.
3. [Breadcrumbs](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/radix/breadcrumb) are
needed for the edit page and the /posts/[id] page. This needs to be it's own PR.
We can add the breadcrumbs and add them to the pages in the same PR.
4. We need to come up with a plan to only show the <SiteNavbar /> when we should:
  - Not on the login page
  - Not on the /posts/[id] page
  - Not on the /posts/[id]/edit page
  - But the caveat is that we do want to still show the <AdminMenuDialog /> on the two posts pages mentioned above.
5. Right now the design of the edit post page is basic, but all of the peices
that are in place are working and tested. We need to ensure the plans include a
skeleton for the edit post page and for any errors coming from getPost that make
sense.
6. This all needs to happen before we start shipping the rest of the PRs for the edit post feature.

After completing the test update, and reading the list, start walking through each item one at a time. We're going to be working on the todos, status, and decisions.